british happiness is quite different
from happiness around the world because
we process happiness in a different way
in britain you know american friends
i've met australians they're much more
in the moment oh yeah they're in tonight
they're much more
much more upbeat much more positive i
say to my australian friends how are you
awesome
awesome i mean genuinely non in a
non-ironic way how are you mate awesome
how was yesterday awesome mate
today's going to be awesome what are you
doing tomorrow i don't know picking up
stones in the rain it's going to be
awesome
we never say that in a non-ironic way in
britain the best you're going to get
because our happiness is based on this
premise things
could have been a lot worse right
that's as good as it gets in britain
that's why
the standard greeting in britain how are
you not too bad
that's as good as it gets in old blighty
not too bad things are clearly
bad but they're not quite as bad as we
thought they're going to be
we've dialed down our expectation to an
acceptable level of disappointment
we're eking out our expectation in
diminishing
increments of reduced joy things are not
too bad there's the abyss we're not in
the abyss
we're in the car parking snack area
adjacent to the abyss
it's not too bad
it's a meme it carries on from
generation to generation my father
recently found a cache of letters from
his father
writing in the trenches of northern
france in 1918
and he writes this hopeful letter to his
family presumably under mortar fire
machine gun attack and it says we've got
a candle the
medical orderly got quite a nice tenor
voice things are not
too bad not too bad it's a first world
war it's the greatest carnage the world
has ever seen
not too bad you know
that is the ludicrous optimism of the
british psyche
in britain we have the highest per
capita ownership of convertible cars in
europe
that is preposterous optimism right
there
when you see a couple with the top down
in july their face is contorted in a
richness of optimism
as the horizontal hail drills into their
retinas
it's clearing up it's clearing up
and not too bad that's just like uh
it's a kind of a daily greeting you know
somebody goes out in the week oh that
was last night oh not too bad oh i was a
night out
not too bad but if you haven't seen
someone in a while you get a little bit
more you get a little bit
you get a bit extra you say well i've
seen you in ages how are you
not too bad all things considered
and when people say that a bit i want to
say to them you have considered
all things
uluru uh the okavango delta the cradle
of all life
the alps the genius of mozart the limpid
minimalism of arvo part
the unplayable piano music of france
list whose giant manatee like flipper
hands means that
if you're not a circus freak or a yeti
you can't actually play the bloody stuff
the tectonic plates inching around the
planet knocking our brief dance on the
surface
those yogurts with a fruit in the corner
all human artistic endeavor
everything that has ever existed at a
molecular level pushing someone in a
pond when they least expect it
sitting around the house in your pants
eating gluten for a laugh
wars religion ideology a rose
opening up a new jar of instant coffee
with a back end of a teaspoon the
sensation
of that
the baffling longevity of linkedin
standing on the rialto bridge at
midnight covered in marmite
naked chucking wine gums at tourists
shouted i forgive you
the uncountable stars the boundless
universe beyond which our imagination
found us on a distant shore where we
dare to touch the hem of infinity's
cloak
you considered the opalescence that
shimmers
on the surface of a tear that wells up
in a shepherd's eye
as he as he marvels
at the beauty of yet another patagonian
sunrise
you considered that yeah and how did you
feel not too bad
you